=== Page 1 ===
CABO ­ Rules
Designer: Melissa Limes, Mandy Henning e Illustration: Adam Peele
Translation: Frangois Richard (FR), Mike Bialecki (EN)
Agame for 2 to 5 players ages 8and up ­ Playing time approx. 30 minutes
Aim of the Game
Figure out which cards you have and accumulate fewer points than anyone else by replacing
high cards for low ones, trading matching cards for a single card and swapping cards with
your opponents.
To Start
Start each round bydealing everyone 4 cards face down (don't look at them yet). Place the
rest ofthe cards face down for the draw pile and one beside it face upfor the discard pile.
Without looking at any of the dealt cards, each player lays them face down, side by side, in
front ofthem. The order of the cards must remain the same throughout the round. All
players may then secretly look at 2of their cards. Remember these cards because you
cannot look at them again.
For the first round, decide who goes first. Inthe rounds that follow, the winner of the
previous round goes first. In case of a tie, the tied player with the lowest overall score goes
first. If still tied, randomly determine who of the tied players goes first.
To Play
Taking turns in a clockwise direction; each player must take one ofthree options:
1. Pick up the top card from the discard pile and replace, face down, one of your own
cards or matching cards (see below for details on matching cards). The replaced card is
then put on top of the discard pile, face up. Choice cards taken from the discard pile
may only be used for their point value; the action may not be used.
2. Pick up the top card from the draw pile, look at it, and decide ifyou'd like to keep it or
discard it.
¢ If you decide to keep it, replace, face down, one of your own cards or matching
cards. The replaced card isthen put on top of the discard pile, face up.
¢ If you decide to discard it, place it face up on top of the discard pile.
e |[fit's a choice card and you wish to use the action, carry out the action and then
discard it.
3. Call Cabo. When a player believes he or she has fewer points than anyone else at the
table, that player may use his or her turn to call Cabo (do not draw a card then). Once
Cabo is called, all players other than the one who called Cabo take one more turn.
If the draw pile runs out of cards, set the top­most card of the discard pile aside for the new
discard pile. Then reshuffle the remaining cards of the discard pile and place them face
down for the new draw pile.

=== Page 2 ===
Matching Cards
2­, 3­, or 4­of­a­kind matches may all be traded for only one card from the discard or draw
pile (you continue the game then with only 3, 2, or even only 1card). If amatch is
attempted but itisnot amatch, the attempted cards must be shown to everyone at the
table and put back in their original places. The attempted replacement card is then
discarded and the turn is lost.
Choice Cards
Peek (7 and 8) —Look at one of your own cards. Make sure no one else sees what it is.
Spy (9 and 10) — Look at one of another player's cards. Make sure no one else sees what
itis.
Swap (11 and 12) —Swap one of your own cards with one of another player. Do not look
at either ofthe swapped cards.
Choicecards may be used for their points or their action, not both. The action may be used
only when taken from the draw pile and discarded in the same turn. Itis not obligatory to
use the action and the action may not be used on cards taken from the discard pile or those
discarded from a player's hand. When creating matches with choice cards, the numbers
must match, not just the action.
Score
After everyone has played their last turn, flip over the cards and count the points of all cards
ineach player's hand. The player with the lowest score wins and receives 0 points. Everyone
else receives the points in their hand. Ifthe player who called Cabo does not have the
lowest score, he or she receives 5 penalty points on top oftheir score. Inthe event of a tie,
the player who called Cabo wins. ifneither of the tied player called Cabo they all receive 0
points.
Kamikaze — Ifyou are bold enough to end a round with two 12s and both 13s then
everyone else receives 50 points and you will receive 0 points regardless of who called Cabo.
Exactly 100 Points — If a player scores exactly 100 points, that player's score goes down to
50.
Ending the game —Once a player exceeds 100 points, the player with the lowest score
wins.
ALTERNATE RULES
These are alternate rules as suggested by fellow Cabo players. It's fun to make house rules,
so try these ifyou'd like. If you make any of your own, write to info@smiling­monster.de
and let us know how you've been playing!
Swapping Cards: When playing a swap card, a player may swap one opponent's card with
another opponent.
Starting with more than 4 cards: This is especially fun when playing with only 2 people
since itadds more dimension to the game, then. An example would be to start with
6cards and look at 3 ofthem before each round.

